they haven't changed prehistoric age
this one got your head today I'm hand
alien body he was so physically beam up
huh i'm going to pick a rocky amy LA
she's moving I'm sure it's nappy nap
beforehand to miss QWERTY be my lovely
one about how many feet fie fie oh yeah
he's about to that tale is about 12 feet
varies frickin base to tip esti Legard
esta norma tunic aviso toe toe toe toe
toe come here baby little chicken is
still look at the stand on me address
the partial xi nada a ver SI no silicon
me the sea is the one to get in this
burg CHKD spunky's he's fishing you step
ahead of stuff a scandal sok comment the
glue I don't mean o.o how they call this
bar to hang low hirens ya que esta otra
Petrillo come here little bird otro
lagarto suits to you burn get it sakina
committed pocket comes over silica me
she's alligator trying to approach 3
skirt versa do I look stupid to you he's
going to play today and get lunch
delegator sir very active they're moving
actually more fast these horrible
winters in Florida yes this is what
again I worry 18 and that's it whether
that we can you do they so hard no even
40 degrees
yes todo este video Eleanor me Lagarto
con camisa grande this solo this video
please can we call that huge algorithm
William K